PROJECT_STATUS_APPEND.md, before:

## Recent edits (2025-10-24)

These are the incremental edits completed during the current session (dev + quick QA). I list the change, why it was done, and the files modified so you can review or roll back if needed.

  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/Contact.jsx`

  - Files modified:
    - `index.html`

  - Rationale: The Culture/Career page must show an images-only hero; other pages should keep the overlay and content.
  - Files added / modified:
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.jsx` — slider implementation with props: `images`, `interval`, `height`, `showOverlay` and supports children for overlay content.
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.module.css` — slide, overlay and content styles (fade, position, overlay gradient).
    - `src/pages/CultureAtAlMaha.jsx` — wired `HeroSlider` and passed `showOverlay={false}` for images-only Culture hero.


If you want a one-line rollback for any of these, tell me which file and I can revert that change.

```markdown
## Recent edits (2025-10-24)

These are the incremental edits completed during the current session (dev + quick QA). I list the change, why it was done, and the files modified so you can review or roll back if needed.

- Fix: Contact page would not render in React due to invalid iframe attributes used in the saved HTML (e.g. `style="..."` and `allowfullscreen=""`). Converted to valid JSX props and added an accessible `title` attribute.
  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/Contact.jsx`

- Fix: Brand icons (social icons) were invisible because the app was loading Font Awesome 4.7 while components use FA5 classes (`fab`). Replaced the CDN link with Font Awesome 5.15.4 in `index.html` so `fab` brand icons render correctly.
  - Files modified:
    - `index.html`

- Feature: Implemented a lightweight, in-repo hero slider component and made the visual overlay optional so pages can choose images-only hero or image+overlay.
  - Rationale: The Culture/Career page must show an images-only hero; other pages should keep the overlay and content.
  - Files added / modified:
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.jsx` — slider implementation with props: `images`, `interval`, `height`, `showOverlay` and supports children for overlay content.
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.module.css` — slide, overlay and content styles (fade, position, overlay gradient).
    - `src/pages/CultureAtAlMaha.jsx` — wired `HeroSlider` and passed `showOverlay={false}` for images-only Culture hero.

- Dev server: started Vite dev server for verification (background session). This validated the Contact page fix and visual slider behavior.

If you want a one-line rollback for any of these, tell me which file and I can revert that change.

---

## Session update (2025-10-25)

Summary of additional changes and work performed during this session. These notes collect the edits, scripts added for verification, build artifacts produced, and outstanding decisions remaining to reach visual parity with the live site.

- Content parity: added missing "Responsibility" card to the Company Culture section so the React page now renders 11 culture/value items (matches live copy).
  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/sections/CultureAtAlMahaSection.jsx` — inserted a new `valueItem` with icon and title `Responsibility`.

- Typography and page CSS tuning: adjusted paragraph sizing and line-height on several pages to match live computed metrics.
  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/CSR.module.css` — updated `.description p` to 24px / 36px
    - `src/pages/Exports.module.css` — normalized paragraphs to 20px / 35px
    - `src/pages/QualityAssurance.module.css` — normalized paragraphs to 20px / 35px
    - `src/pages/CultureAtAlMaha.module.css` — adjusted `.description p` to match live (15px / 26.25px)

- Header/logo: updated header to use production-friendly public path for the logo.
  - Files modified:
    - `src/components/Header.jsx` — logo `img` src set to `/assets/images/al-maha-logo.png` (ensures builds and zipped artifact reference the public asset path correctly).

- Automation / verification scripts (added to `scripts/`):
  - `scripts/check-typography.js` — Playwright-based tool to capture computed typography and screenshots for target pages (CSR, Exports, Quality Assurance, Culture). Writes JSON to `tmp-results/` and screenshots to `tmp-screenshots/`.
  - `scripts/compare-typography.js` — comparator to diff two typography JSON outputs and write a human-readable `tmp-results/compare_report.json`.
  - `scripts/check-activities.js` — DOM-aware detector for the CSR "Activities" area; detects whether the section contains a cards grid or a media element (video/iframe), captures nested <source> src when present, and writes results to `tmp-results/*_activities.json` along with a screenshot.
  - `scripts/check-culture-count.cjs` — small Playwright presence check (searches page text for the word "Responsibility") and writes `tmp-results/culture_count_local.json` (helpful when CSS Modules or hashed classes make DOM queries brittle).

  Note: these scripts are added for local verification and CI later. Per current instruction, no scripts were run as part of this update unless explicitly requested — the repository already contains a set of test artifacts from earlier runs.

- Static server hardening (internal script change): when the verification scripts run they rely on an internal static server which was updated to serve correct MIME types for JS modules (application/javascript) and other assets so headless browsers load ES modules without errors. This is done by categorizing extensions and setting Content-Type headers explicitly in the small server used by the scripts.

- Build & packaging:
  - Created a production Vite build (output in `dist/`) and packaged it into `almaha-dist.zip`.
  - Checksum (SHA-256) of the most recent ZIP: `7c137b1a0cc8e92b2e2db5ef02403401bd17f49f205c1d1d839dcc0175cae9e9` (artifact is in repo root).

- Playwright / browser environment: Playwright browser binaries were installed to enable the automated checks. The scripts were adjusted with additional waits and robust selectors to tolerate live site noise (jQuery migrate logs, etc.).

- Visual fixes applied so far (high level):
  - Typography parity changes for CSR, Exports, Quality Assurance, Culture sections.
  - Header logo path fixed.
  - Culture page content parity: added the missing culture/value card.

- Outstanding content / parity decisions (awaiting direction):
  1. CSR Activities section: live site shows a video (an MP4) in the activities area while the local React page shows a cards grid. Two options:
     - A: Embed the live MP4 URL directly in `CSR.jsx` (fast, small repo, references external asset).
     - B: Download the MP4 into `public/assets/videos/` and reference locally (self-contained, increases ZIP size).
     Choose A or B and I will implement, rebuild, and re-run the verification scripts.

  2. Visual pixel parity validation (Playwright/Playwright visual tests) — recommended workflow once content decisions are locked:
     - Run the typographical checker and comparator (already in `scripts/`).
     - Run visual Playwright snapshot tests at target breakpoints (375px, 768px, 1920px) and iterate until 100% match per the project rules.

- Notes for reviewers:
  - I intentionally used existing images from `public/assets/images/careers/` for the inserted culture card (icon `Group-11.png`) to avoid adding new assets. If you'd like the exact icon from the saved HTML, I can add it and update the markup.
  - If you prefer the CSR video embedded remotely rather than packaged, say "CSR: embed remote" and I will add the markup only (no file download). If you prefer the local file, say "CSR: bundle video" and I will download, add to `public/assets/videos/` and update the component.

## How to verify locally (manual steps)

1. Rebuild (Vite):

```bash
npm run build
```

2. Serve `dist/` (or use the lightweight static server built into the verification scripts) and inspect:

```bash
# simple preview server (examples in scripts/) or use `npx serve dist`
npx http-server dist -p 4173
```

3. Open the following pages and confirm:
  - `/culture-at-al-maha` — should show 11 culture/value cards including "Responsibility".
  - `/corporate-social-responsibility` — still shows cards locally unless you choose to embed the video.

4. (Optional) Use the verification scripts to capture computed typography and compare against saved live outputs:

```bash
# capture local
node scripts/check-typography.js
# capture live
HOST_URL=https://www.almahafoods.com node scripts/check-typography.js
# compare
node scripts/compare-typography.js
```

---

If you'd like I will now (only after you confirm) implement the CSR video parity option you prefer, rebuild, and run the verification scripts and output updated artifacts/screenshots and a fresh ZIP.

```

Commit message:

chore: Add todo list and project setup for article pages, map and navigation fixes

PROJECT_STATUS_APPEND.md, after:

## Recent edits (2025-10-24)

These are the incremental edits completed during the current session (dev + quick QA). I list the change, why it was done, and the files modified so you can review or roll back if needed.

  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/Contact.jsx`

  - Files modified:
    - `index.html`

  - Rationale: The Culture/Career page must show an images-only hero; other pages should keep the overlay and content.
  - Files added / modified:
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.jsx` — slider implementation with props: `images`, `interval`, `height`, `showOverlay` and supports children for overlay content.
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.module.css` — slide, overlay and content styles (fade, position, overlay gradient).
    - `src/pages/CultureAtAlMaha.jsx` — wired `HeroSlider` and passed `showOverlay={false}` for images-only Culture hero.


If you want a one-line rollback for any of these, tell me which file and I can revert that change.

```markdown
## Recent edits (2025-10-24)

These are the incremental edits completed during the current session (dev + quick QA). I list the change, why it was done, and the files modified so you can review or roll back if needed.

- Fix: Contact page would not render in React due to invalid iframe attributes used in the saved HTML (e.g. `style="..."` and `allowfullscreen=""`). Converted to valid JSX props and added an accessible `title` attribute.
  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/Contact.jsx`

- Fix: Brand icons (social icons) were invisible because the app was loading Font Awesome 4.7 while components use FA5 classes (`fab`). Replaced the CDN link with Font Awesome 5.15.4 in `index.html` so `fab` brand icons render correctly.
  - Files modified:
    - `index.html`

- Feature: Implemented a lightweight, in-repo hero slider component and made the visual overlay optional so pages can choose images-only hero or image+overlay.
  - Rationale: The Culture/Career page must show an images-only hero; other pages should keep the overlay and content.
  - Files added / modified:
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.jsx` — slider implementation with props: `images`, `interval`, `height`, `showOverlay` and supports children for overlay content.
    - `src/components/HeroSlider.module.css` — slide, overlay and content styles (fade, position, overlay gradient).
    - `src/pages/CultureAtAlMaha.jsx` — wired `HeroSlider` and passed `showOverlay={false}` for images-only Culture hero.

- Dev server: started Vite dev server for verification (background session). This validated the Contact page fix and visual slider behavior.

If you want a one-line rollback for any of these, tell me which file and I can revert that change.

## Session update (2025-10-30)

Current project status: **Most pages are complete and only require finishing touches**

- **Overall Progress**: The Al Maha React/Vite migration has reached a high completion level where most pages are functionally complete
- **Current Phase**: Moving from major development to finishing touches phase
- **Next Approach**: Finishing touches will be defined one by one by the client
- **Ready for Iteration**: Project is now in a state where individual page improvements and refinements can be implemented systematically

The project has successfully migrated from WordPress to React with:
- Complete page structure and routing
- Proper component architecture with CSS Modules
- Production-ready builds and packaging
- Automated testing infrastructure in place

---

## Session update (2025-10-25)

Summary of additional changes and work performed during this session. These notes collect the edits, scripts added for verification, build artifacts produced, and outstanding decisions remaining to reach visual parity with the live site.

- Content parity: added missing "Responsibility" card to the Company Culture section so the React page now renders 11 culture/value items (matches live copy).
  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/sections/CultureAtAlMahaSection.jsx` — inserted a new `valueItem` with icon and title `Responsibility`.

- Typography and page CSS tuning: adjusted paragraph sizing and line-height on several pages to match live computed metrics.
  - Files modified:
    - `src/pages/CSR.module.css` — updated `.description p` to 24px / 36px
    - `src/pages/Exports.module.css` — normalized paragraphs to 20px / 35px
    - `src/pages/QualityAssurance.module.css` — normalized paragraphs to 20px / 35px
    - `src/pages/CultureAtAlMaha.module.css` — adjusted `.description p` to match live (15px / 26.25px)

- Header/logo: updated header to use production-friendly public path for the logo.
  - Files modified:
    - `src/components/Header.jsx` — logo `img` src set to `/assets/images/al-maha-logo.png` (ensures builds and zipped artifact reference the public asset path correctly).

- Automation / verification scripts (added to `scripts/`):
  - `scripts/check-typography.js` — Playwright-based tool to capture computed typography and screenshots for target pages (CSR, Exports, Quality Assurance, Culture). Writes JSON to `tmp-results/` and screenshots to `tmp-screenshots/`.
  - `scripts/compare-typography.js` — comparator to diff two typography JSON outputs and write a human-readable `tmp-results/compare_report.json`.
  - `scripts/check-activities.js` — DOM-aware detector for the CSR "Activities" area; detects whether the section contains a cards grid or a media element (video/iframe), captures nested <source> src when present, and writes results to `tmp-results/*_activities.json` along with a screenshot.
  - `scripts/check-culture-count.cjs` — small Playwright presence check (searches page text for the word "Responsibility") and writes `tmp-results/culture_count_local.json` (helpful when CSS Modules or hashed classes make DOM queries brittle).

  Note: these scripts are added for local verification and CI later. Per current instruction, no scripts were run as part of this update unless explicitly requested — the repository already contains a set of test artifacts from earlier runs.

- Static server hardening (internal script change): when the verification scripts run they rely on an internal static server which was updated to serve correct MIME types for JS modules (application/javascript) and other assets so headless browsers load ES modules without errors. This is done by categorizing extensions and setting Content-Type headers explicitly in the small server used by the scripts.

- Build & packaging:
  - Created a production Vite build (output in `dist/`) and packaged it into `almaha-dist.zip`.
  - Checksum (SHA-256) of the most recent ZIP: `7c137b1a0cc8e92b2e2db5ef02403401bd17f49f205c1d1d839dcc0175cae9e9` (artifact is in repo root).

- Playwright / browser environment: Playwright browser binaries were installed to enable the automated checks. The scripts were adjusted with additional waits and robust selectors to tolerate live site noise (jQuery migrate logs, etc.).

- Visual fixes applied so far (high level):
  - Typography parity changes for CSR, Exports, Quality Assurance, Culture sections.
  - Header logo path fixed.
  - Culture page content parity: added the missing culture/value card.

- Outstanding content / parity decisions (awaiting direction):
  1. CSR Activities section: live site shows a video (an MP4) in the activities area while the local React page shows a cards grid. Two options:
     - A: Embed the live MP4 URL directly in `CSR.jsx` (fast, small repo, references external asset).
     - B: Download the MP4 into `public/assets/videos/` and reference locally (self-contained, increases ZIP size).
     Choose A or B and I will implement, rebuild, and re-run the verification scripts.

  2. Visual pixel parity validation (Playwright/Playwright visual tests) — recommended workflow once content decisions are locked:
     - Run the typographical checker and comparator (already in `scripts/`).
     - Run visual Playwright snapshot tests at target breakpoints (375px, 768px, 1920px) and iterate until 100% match per the project rules.

- Notes for reviewers:
  - I intentionally used existing images from `public/assets/images/careers/` for the inserted culture card (icon `Group-11.png`) to avoid adding new assets. If you'd like the exact icon from the saved HTML, I can add it and update the markup.
  - If you prefer the CSR video embedded remotely rather than packaged, say "CSR: embed remote" and I will add the markup only (no file download). If you prefer the local file, say "CSR: bundle video" and I will download, add to `public/assets/videos/` and update the component.

## How to verify locally (manual steps)

1. Rebuild (Vite):

```bash
npm run build
```

2. Serve `dist/` (or use the lightweight static server built into the verification scripts) and inspect:

```bash
# simple preview server (examples in scripts/) or use `npx serve dist`
npx http-server dist -p 4173
```

3. Open the following pages and confirm:
  - `/culture-at-al-maha` — should show 11 culture/value cards including "Responsibility".
  - `/corporate-social-responsibility` — still shows cards locally unless you choose to embed the video.

4. (Optional) Use the verification scripts to capture computed typography and compare against saved live outputs:

```bash
# capture local
node scripts/check-typography.js
# capture live
HOST_URL=https://www.almahafoods.com node scripts/check-typography.js
# compare
node scripts/compare-typography.js
```

---

If you'd like I will now (only after you confirm) implement the CSR video parity option you prefer, rebuild, and run the verification scripts and output updated artifacts/screenshots and a fresh ZIP.

```
